Based on:
https://tasteofartisan.com/french-baguette-recipe/

500 g all purpose flour
360 g water
10 g salt
3 g instant yeast

Mix all ingredients in a bowl, cover with a plastic
wrap and let rest for 15 minutes.

Over a period of 1 1/2 hours, do 3 sets of stretch and
folds, flipping the dough upside down after each set.

Cover the bowl with a plastic wrap and place in
refrigerator overnight for about 12-14 hours.

Turn the dough on a lightly floured work surface.
Divide into 3 equal parts and shape into rectangles.
Cover and let rest for 45-60 minutes.

Starting preheating the oven to 500F, with a baking
stone positioned in the upper half the oven and a
bread pan filled with hot water on the bottom rack.

Stretch each dough rectangle slightly and fold into a
cylinder, sealing the seams. Using your hands, roll
the cylinders gently stretching them to desired
length, about 14-15 inches.

Place on a lightly floured couche, seam side up. Cover
and proof at a room temperature for about 30-60
minutes, or until the dough has sufficiently proofed.

Transfer the baguettes to a piece of parchment paper,
seam side down and dust off excess flour. Using a
bread lame, a sharp knife or a razor blade, make 3
scores on each baguette. When scoring, use a swift and
firm motion to ensure nice and clean cuts.

Open the oven, taking caution not to get burned by
steam, and slide the baguettes off onto the baking
stone. Close the oven and reduce temperature to 475F.
Bake for 15 minutes.

Remove the water pan, rotate the baguettes, drop the
temperature to 450F and continue baking for another 15
minutes or until deep golden brown.
